
Dear [Customer];

At HIP Health Plan of New York we try hard to provide you with access to quality health care services that meet your needs. So, when we decide to deny coverage for a treatment or service, we want to make sure you know why.  
HIP Health Plan of New York contracts with [InsuranceCompany] Management Services Organization to review for members. [InsuranceCompany] Management Services Organization reviews clinical information to decide HIP Health Plan of New York’s if the treatment is Medically Necessary.  
We look over the clinical and medical information given to us and check the criteria, guidelines and the rules of your health coverage policy to make our decision.
When we reviewed the information given to us about this request, we have decided to deny coverage of the following medical service(s) or item(s) that you or your provider asked for:  Inpatient Hospitalization to St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital from 10/4/2017-10/10/2017. We have determined that the service(s) are not medically necessary.


DtC... Llalll.lAIAOl4ll•...,_ 3'\0U


          
          [InsuranceCompany], IPA
	[InsuranceCompany], Management Services Organization	


Initial Adverse Determination

    October 11, 2017



This letter is your Initial Adverse Determination. This means we are denying your request for coverage of the requested services(s). We are denying coverage for the service or items you asked for because:

“Your child is a 9 month old boy who was diagnosed with a high grade brain tumor. Your child was treated with surgical removal of his tumor at Stony Brook Hospital. After your son was discharged you enrolled him in a clinical trial at St. Jude’s hospital. The principal investigator has requested medications including methotrexate, cisplatin, cyclophosphamide, vineristine in combination with an investigational medication, alisertib. This combination of medications is not the standard of care for this type of cancer, and is considered experimental and investigational at this time, as evidence-based guidelines do not exist to confirm its effectiveness for his brain tumor. Therefore, this request for clinical trial treatment at St. Jude’s hospital is not medically necessary and is denied.”

If you decide to have this service you may have to pay for it yourself.

If you do not agree with our decision
You have the right to appeal. To file an appeal you can call Customer Service from Monday through Friday from 8:30 am to 5:30 pm (EST) (excluding major holidays) at 1-800-877-7587. TTY/TDD users can call 711.

You can also mail, drop off or fax your appeal to the following: In writing by mail [InsuranceCompany], Management Services Organization Appeals and Grievances P.O. Box CS9244 Garden City, New York 11530. Drop off in person 501 Franklin Avenue, Suite 300 Garden City, New York 11530 (Monday through Friday from 8:30am to 5:30pm; By fax [InsuranceCompany], Management Services Organization Grievance and Appeals Unit 1-516-214-8927. For further details about how to file an appeal and your other rights, please read the page in this envelope called Important Information About Your Appeals Rights.

 Please submit the following information to us with your appeal: all documentation that will show why you need the requested service.

If you have any questions about this letter or would like us to provide you with an explanation for our decision, call [InsuranceCompany], Management Services Organization Customer Service at 1-800-877-7587, Monday through Friday from 8:30 am to 5:30 pm EST or if you have a hearing or speech impairment, call the TTY/TDD number at 711. You can also call this number and ask us to provide you with a verbal interpretation make the information available in an alternate format or discuss it with you in a language other than English.

For more information about our appeal rights or if you need help filing an appeal, call us at 1-800-877-7587 or see your Member Handbook.
