AETNA MEDICARE 2222 EWING ROAD
MOON TOWNSHIP, PA 15108


January 31, 2018





YOUR DRUG(S) IS NOT ON OUR LIST OF COVERED DRUGS (FORMULARY) OR IS SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITS


Dear.

We want to tell you that Aetna Medicare Rx Saver (PDP} has provided you with a temporary supply of the following prescription: BUT/APAP/CAF TAB.
This drug is either not included on our list of covered drugs (called our formulary), or it's included on the formulary but subject to certain limits, as described in more detail later in this letter. Aetna Medicare Rx Saver (PDP} is required to provide you with a temporary supply of this drugs, as follows:

In the outpatient setting, we're required to provide a maximum of 30-day supply of medication. If your prescription is written for fewer days, we'll allow multiple fills to provide up to a maximum 30-day supply of medication.

It's important to understand that this is a temporary supply of this drug(s). Well before you run out of this drug, you should speak to Aetna Medicare Rx Saver (PDP} and/or the prescriber about:

changing the drug to another drug that is on our formulary; or
requesting approval for the drug by demonstrating that you meet our criteria for coverage; or
requesting an exception from our criteria for coverage.

When you request approval for coverage or an exception from coverage criteria, these are ca\\ed coverage determinations. Don't assume that any coverage determination, including any exception, you have requested or appealed has been approved just because you receive more fills of a drug. If we approve coverage, then we'll send you another written notice.

If you need assistance in requesting a coverage determination, including an exception, or if you want more information about when we will cover a temporary supply of a drug, contact us at 1-877-238- 6211. TTY users should call 711. Live representatives are available from 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You can ask us for a coverage determination at any time. Instructions on how to change your current prescription, how to ask for a coverage determination, including an exception, and how to appeal a denial if you disagree with our coverage determination are discussed at the end of this letter.
